What did you guess?
Guess the story of drunkenness and the new president is Li Qi?
i
Sister-in-law, your best friend looks up to me too much
You lent us 10 million so readily before
Exactly.
He is the external partner and president of Lu Enterprises
Thanks.
Li Qi took bodyguards to rescue us last time
Don't do this, I can't afford it
And thank you for going out to help the dog show
The eldest young master really can't hide it, tell the truth
He has already said it, what else can I say?
I have one last favor to ask of you
Please approve ASAP.
Sister-in-law, I don't have this right.
You are leaving the job
Yes!
Was it an accident to join you before?
I've always wanted to start a painting studio
It means I don't have that future
Young woman, I don't know anything these days
Ask Mr. Lu
I'll go first
Mr. Pan, come back to me
Mr. Lu, please explain it to me.